README.md, before:

# CRYPTO WEB

Crypto Web is a progressive & responsive web app that inspired by [Pintu](https://pintu.co.id/market) and was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## DEMO

Deployed using Vercel with automatic deployment per each changes in the main branch. Try out the demo [here](https://crypto-web-blush.vercel.app/).

## API

This project is using PINTU API for getting the data.

## Tech Stacks

The tech stacks and libraries that used are:

- React (18+)
- Typescript
- Jest (testing)
- [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)

## How to use the app

This project is using `yarn` so make sure you have `yarn` installed first.

- git clone the app
- cd to `crypto-web`
- yarn
- Open [https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/corsdemo](https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/corsdemo) in the browser and click `Request temporary access to the demo server`
- yarn start
- Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in the browser

## Important Scripts

The base scripts are the same as defined in the CRA app but with some modifications.
These are some important scripts that you need to aware of:

### `yarn start`

To start the project using `react-scripts start`.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `yarn test`

To test the project's available tests using `react-scripts test`.

## Screenshots

This are the screenshots of the app:

- Home (Desktop)
  <img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-14 at 15 22 33" src="https://github.com/kevinlie19/crypto-web/assets/48467219/64808e35-b35a-47af-b3f0-07a06df46cb4">

- Home (Mobile)
  <img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-14 at 15 20 46" src="https://github.com/kevinlie19/crypto-web/assets/48467219/8a1b36c5-21c5-47af-a948-cb0cb048ab23">

Commit message:

Using proxy from heroku failed, revert back to use chrome extention for cors issue

README.md, after:

# CRYPTO WEB

Crypto Web is a progressive & responsive web app that inspired by [Pintu](https://pintu.co.id/market) and was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/).

## DEMO

Deployed using Vercel with automatic deployment per each changes in the main branch. Try out the demo [here](https://crypto-web-blush.vercel.app/).
NOTE: make sure you have added and turned on the CORS extension.

## API

This project is using PINTU API for getting the data.

## Tech Stacks

The tech stacks and libraries that used are:

- React (18+)
- Typescript
- Jest (testing)
- [styled-components](https://styled-components.com/)
- [React Query](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main)
- [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)

## How to use the app

This project is using `yarn` so make sure you have `yarn` installed first.

- git clone the app
- cd to `crypto-web`
- yarn
- Use Google Chrome browser (because cors issue)
- Open [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/allow-cors-access-control/lhobafahddgcelffkeicbaginigeejlf?hl=en](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/allow-cors-access-control/lhobafahddgcelffkeicbaginigeejlf?hl=en) in the browser and click `Add to Chrome` and `Add extension`
- Activate the CORS extension
- yarn start
- Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in the browser

## Important Scripts

The base scripts are the same as defined in the CRA app but with some modifications.
These are some important scripts that you need to aware of:

### `yarn start`

To start the project using `react-scripts start`.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `yarn test`

To test the project's available tests using `react-scripts test`.

## Screenshots

This are the screenshots of the app:

- Home (Desktop)
  <img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-14 at 15 22 33" src="https://github.com/kevinlie19/crypto-web/assets/48467219/64808e35-b35a-47af-b3f0-07a06df46cb4">

- Home (Mobile)
  <img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-14 at 15 20 46" src="https://github.com/kevinlie19/crypto-web/assets/48467219/8a1b36c5-21c5-47af-a948-cb0cb048ab23">

  - Google Chrome's CORS Extension
    <img width="1440" alt="Screen Shot 2023-07-14 at 16 02 33" src="https://github.com/kevinlie19/crypto-web/assets/48467219/04d79bec-7118-407b-be9f-a80fb86f06c7">
